[Music]
Hello family, how are you? I hope you're having
a spectacular day, pay
attention to this video because this video,
my goodness, I don't even know where to start.
But anyway, let's talk about the bomb,
in quotes, the bomb that
Diego Arrabal gave yesterday. Diego Arrabal recently
said it today a colleague and I more or
less With all due respect, but
I have no choice but to repeat the
words of my colleague in Jack of
Hearts it is not becoming the
Channel of the conspiracies or what. In other
words, this bomb is more than a bomb, it's a
firecracker and it's something that he has
done mental gymnastics to make it fit.
Anyway, let's watch the part of the
live broadcast that belongs to
Diego Arrabal's news and we're going to put it in
context and we're going to give a little
clarity to this matter and above all, a little
more realism. Because honestly, let's
see, I understand that with this thing about the
Betos, the energy codes, it seems that you have to
work a lot more and you
have to search a little more to
find the news and be able to do
live broadcasts, but anyway, let's see. Hey, if you're going to
give  a news story in the whole live at
least try to make it a more logical news story
no but anyway before continuing
and starting before watching Diego's video
with this bombshell and commenting on everything
that's behind the dorsfia clinic be
careful I'm going to ask you all
please to subscribe if you're
new to the Channel if you're not
subscribed and if I'm not new I don't care
take your son's cell phone
your husband's cell phone take whatever but
We'll have to reach 90,000 now
okay we have to reach 90,000
subscribers on TV to SEO and the
next step to take between now and summer the
100,000 plaque family
let's see what this bombshell is and what
this exclusive is that
Diego Arrabal brought us about Marta Arriesco that
implicates
Olga Moreno and Borja Prado in the mess
of the bombshells of the bombshells
[Music]
the bombshell of the bombshells of the
bombshells or rather where did it go where did
the price go  they offer Marta as a
survivor
where did it go where did
Olga Moreno and Antonio David's divorce go where did
Antonio David's sentence go Bueno the
sentence of Olga and Rocío Carrasco the
bombshell of the bombshells of the bombshells
is this one that Diego Arrebal is going to tell us
now Marta
Riosco ambassador of the Dorseia clinics
ambassador ambassador of the clinic let's
see family I've been looking here
on the official Dors website no and
an ambassador for me I think it's something
else I could be wrong but here
we see Laura Sánchez who designs a
solidarity bag that is sold here no and
in the end the funds are to be donated and I've
been looking here Marta Riesgo in the
search engine of the official Dorsia website
and Marta Arriesgo no she is not listed as
hired as an ambassador
nor does anything appear I mean there is no there is nothing There is
nothing in the Dorsia clinic
related to Marta Riesgo it's worth the
most there is the most there is is that
Marta Arriesgo
has promoted
the Dorsia clinic in Valleca on her Instagram story
Diego that the Dorsia clinics are
[Music]
franchises if you have
around 200,000 euros saved up you can open one in your neighborhood dude I mean franchises okay Well I just got out not even 15 minutes ago they injected me and I'm freaking out with the results I've done something I never in my life
thought I would do but
everyone here at the clinic told me they're
all my wise men the chin projection would look great on you
I did that Diego
that's not an ambassador that's that let's see that
the girl must have called or
her or the person who manages her social media
or if she has a representative or something that I think I do
n't think she does She
must have called Hey I'm an influencer are you
interested in a collaboration maybe in
exchange for these injections or maybe in
exchange for a discount okay those are things
that influencers do but ambassador
is something else more common over time
with a contract here I don't think there's a
contract involved this is a
collaboration that I don't think there's
even an invoice dorsia
ambassador
who hires Marta risk let's see
who who who the
hire So here we are no longer
talking about Marta
having, in the case that she has a
contract or some kind of agreement on
paper with the Vallecas clinic, okay, let's
see who has done it according to Diego who
hires Marta riesgo to be an
ambassador for the Dorsia clinics, let's
see
who is the person who hires Marta riesgo
to be an ambassador for the
Ortizia clinics. So what
Diego is telling you here is that this person
has hired Marta. In other words, this is the person who has
looked for Mars, he hires her, okay,
2 1
read it, read it, I don't want to say anything. Let's
see, oh my goodness, oh
my goodness, let's see, this man Borja
Prado
is a businessman,
a very big businessman. By the way, okay,
a big businessman who, besides, it's not like
he buys the clinics, okay,
his company buys them, let's say.
[Music]
Peninsula Capital, okay, it's a. Well, it's
a group of businessmen who
basically, well, they make investments, they
buy companies and improve them, okay, and
then they sell them on some occasions,
or not, or they are investments that they make
to earn more money, but
honestly,
honestly, and  as
several colleagues have said, I
highly doubt that
this man is aware that
Marta Arriesco has given herself four
injections in the chin and has
promoted on her
Instagram stories some clinics, well, one by one, a
franchise of the clinic that
belongs to him, I mean, I don't think
this man is dedicated to these things, I have
my doubts, I have my doubts,
okay. Anyway, I
'm going to give you a very
good extract from a colleague this morning from
already of hearts on each side completely on the
nail and it is that
many people on television have done
this type of collaborations with these
clinics and they are surely not with the
help of Mr. Borja Prado Okay Let's
go a little further because of course there
are more things here, I was telling you that
Olga Moreno was involved, yes And it is that
Olga Moreno has also collaborated with
this clinic but there are more if I'm not
mistaken, Olga
and Rocío, but I'm speaking from
memory
Look who is also advertising right now
Dorsia clinics Alba Carrillo
but notice that this is  in a
more official way okay, I mean this is not Alba
Carrillo who is promoting it
but rather
the producer or the producer or the
clinic itself,
the agency in charge of hiring
the advertising or whatever,
has directly bought an
advertising package on a program okay. But
this is a more official thing, it's not like
Marta's case, which maybe has surely been
discussed with the clinic, change a
discount whatever, that does it a
lot, Dorsia clinics ideal for
influencers, not so that you can see that the
clinic does not hire images but
simply does collaborations or
advertising and hires people. Marta
riesgo is not an image of, she has really
made an exchange for a collaboration
like other influencers have done, for
example María Pombo, who is thousands of
times better than Marta Riesgo in terms of
followers and influence on
Instagram. Well, she has also collaborated with
this clinic, but what's more, we
have two friends of Diego Arrabal
who have also collaborated with these
clinics, here we have two
close friends of Diego Arrabal, María
Patiño, Gema López, Oye, who have also
collaborated with dors  And they've also
done some little touch-ups there.
Anyway, family, I'll be reading your
comments box. Tell me what you
think about this bomb, so to
speak. I send you a huge hug and
until the next video.
[Music]